Just Peachy hand pies that's what we're
gonna be making today filled with ripe
sweet peaches perfect for the portable
picnic and the filling is really easy to
make and extremely fresh your family's
going to love it let's get started okay
I'm gonna go ahead and get started we're
gonna make the filling here for our
peachy hand tarts so I've got a nice
warm skillet here the first thing I'm
gonna do is go ahead and melt my butter
and then to save some time I've already
added my cornstarch to my sugar so I'm
gonna add that to the pan next I've got
my peaches all ready to go and they're
beautiful this time of the year they're
nice and juicy I'm going to add them to
the pan and I'm gonna simmer them nice
and slow I'm gonna lower that down just
a little bit I'm gonna add some cinnamon
here that I've got and at the very last
thing I'm going to add is some salt the
nice thing about things like this you
can make it a little bit spicier if you
want you can vary your spices okay it
looks delicious it smells wonderful I've
been simmering this year for just about
25 minutes it's getting nice and thick
so I'm going to go ahead and add my
lemon juice and then that's the last
step before we assemble our hand pies
the very first thing that we're gonna do
is we've got our round of pie dough here
we're gonna cut it with a pie cutter
into quarters I'm going to spoon two
tablespoons of the filling into the
center of each quarter next we're going
to fold the dough over and then press to
seal and then you can take the fork and
press it a little more securely and put
them on your baking sheet okay we've got
our our hand pies all ready here on an
ungreased cooking sheet so what I'm
gonna do is I'm going to go ahead and
I'm gonna cut a one-inch slit into this
to let some of the steam escape then
we're gonna brush lightly with a little
bit of egg make it nice and golden
I'll sprinkle that on the top put a
little bit on the edges and we're gonna
sprinkle them with a little bit of
coarse sugar it kind of makes it sparkly
and a little extra yummy we're gonna
then we're gonna pop these in the oven
at 425 degrees for 18 to 20 minutes and
if you can try to rotate the the pan
halfway through okay we're ready to
taste these pies your still they smell
awesome look at these I don't know where
to start I feel ready I know
ready yeah let's give it a try look at
that both the center is yummy it's warm
it's fresh tasting and you could use any
kind of filling I think so too
mm-hmm the peaches right now there were
perfect that perfect perfect and the
store-bought crust made it nice and easy
these would be great for lunch box
treats for a tailgate party road trip no
idea packing a lunch box absolutely
they're delicious I take another bite
it's worth that okay remember if you
like this we have thousands more recipes
go to our website at goose berry patch
comm and search for any kind of special
recipe you like mm-hmm
and let us know if you like the recipe
if you have a chance to try it thanks
for watching